hello breathing right in your ears
so this is what you're looking at is a
chart and it's showing the total amount
of bandwidth that's going into and out
of my running I go ipfs node and also
underneath there's a table width which
is showing on a per pair basis the
bandwidth that's going in out of those
guys and that's super cool it's using
this stats bandwidth stats API and it
automatically updates it uses window dot
ipfs which is provided by companion so
companion will put a an IP FS objects on
the window which which looks like an IP
FS node which you can use to talk to
your goai PFS daemon running in the
background or companion will also if you
want run a JSI PFS node directly in you
in the browser for you to talk to you
and you can swap them in and out and
talk to those directly but winded ipfs
so i professors put on window of every
page and and so yeah that's happening on
this pages it's just querying that node
and and graphing out the total bandwidth
for this node updating every few seconds
this this list it would be rad if we
swept them well it what I did when I
first built this was I got the list of
the peers all of the peers that we knew
about like nearly a thousand and then
the API is like you can ask for a
bandwidth for a particular peer so it's
just like yeah thousand requests to my
IVFs node for the bandwidth of every two
seconds please and that wasn't great so
so this kind of steps through them so
it's not so unlike you know with top you
you basically get everything updates
like like you don't get that with this
that's not quite right so it'd be red if
the API was if I could just say give one
call for like a stream of like the
bandwidth for every single node that's I
think for the future
the yeah so I just kind of hack discover
and there will hopefully be something
like this in the new web UI ins on the
Status page and I think that's all I
have to say
[Applause]